=head1 NAME

SVK::Help::Environment - A list of svk's environment variables

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A number of system environment variables influence how svk runs. Below is 
a complete list of variables you can use to alter svk's behavior.

=head2 All Platforms

=over 

=item $SVKROOT

Unless you tell it otherwise, svk stores your configuration and repository in
$HOME/.svk.  If you set SVKROOT to a path on disk, svk will look there instead
of in $HOME/.svk.


=item $SVN_EDITOR / $EDITOR

Sometimes, svk needs to pop up a text editor. svk first tries to launch
the editor specified in $SVN_EDITOR and falls back to $EDITOR if that's
not defined.


=item $SVKDIFF

If you'd prefer to use an external "diff" tool instead of svk's builtin
diff library, set this variable to your tool's name or path.

=item $SVKMERGE

svk lets you resolve conflicts, interactively, with a text editor or
use an external diff tool.  Out of the box, svk comes with support for
the following merge tools:

 AraxisMerge
 Emacs
 FileMerge
 GtkDiff
 Guiffy
 GVim
 KDiff3
 Meld
 P4WinMerge
 TkDiff
 TortoiseMerge
 Vim
 XXDiff

If you want svk to spawn a specific merge tool, set this variable to
the tool's name.


=item $SVKRESOLVE

If you set this variable, svk's interactive resolver will I<always>
perform the command it's set to. For more details about the commands
available in svk's interactive resolver, type C<perldoc SVK::Resolve>.

=item $SVKPAGER

When svk needs to pipe long output through a pager, it uses $SVKPAGER
to send the output to your display.  If this variable is not set or set
to something that's not executable, the output will not be paged.  svk
ignores your $PAGER setting, so you must explicitly set $SVKPAGER if
you want paging.

=item $SVKPGP

svk supports signing and verifying changesets using the Gnu Privacy Guard.
By default, svk tries to run the first program called B<gpg> in your
path. To tell svk to use a specific gpg executable, set this variable
to the executable's name or path.

=item $SVNFSTYPE

By default, svk creates its local repository as a B<fsfs> repository when
running on Subversion 1.1 and newer. On Subversion 1.0, SVK defaults
to B<bdb>.  To explicitly specify a repository type, set this variable
to B<fsfs> or B<bdb>.

=item $SVKNOSVM

To be able to talk to a remote Subversion server, svk needs the
SVN::Mirror perl package installed.  If you have SVN::Mirror installed,
but want svk to operate as if you didn't, set $SVKNOSVM to a true value.

=back

=head2 Win32

These variables only apply to svk on Windows.

=over

=item $ProgramFiles

Set this variable to the directory you install programs into. It defaults
to 'C:\Program Files'.

=back

=cut
